[singing in Japanese]
[narrator]
The Nautilus fell under attack
by the gigantic new Atlantean
air battleship
and its advanced weaponry.
After a valiant fight it was
sunk in the South Pacific.
Could this be the last voyage
of the uncanny submarine?
[dramatic music playing]
[alarm beeping]
[helmsman] Depth is 600 meters.
[Nemo]
How deep is the Kermodec Trench?
[engineer]
Approximately 10,000 meters.
We can normally handle
that depth
with no problem
whatsoever,
but in the state
that we're in...
[water splashing]
I don't know
how we will stand it.
The Garfish fleet
is approaching rapidly.
Depth charges deployed
and approaching.
[explosions]
[all screaming]
[electricity zapping]
[wireless 1]
Direct hit to port bow!
[wireless 2] Secondary
living quarters flooding!
Stern internally
damaged as well!
Can you tell me where they are?
[sonar] Directly overhead.
Distance is 1,800 meters.
I see.
Compressed air status?
[helmsman] Only enough left
for one more surfacing.
Assemble all crew members
into the central block.
We'll then strike at them
with our combat blocks,
last buoyant force.
But, Captain.
Otherwise self-destruction
is our only option.
-Now, First Officer.
-Aye.
All hands,
report to the secondary shelter
in the central block.
Repeat, all hands
report to the secondary shelter
in the central block.
We will be separating
from the combat block.
-Separating?
-What's that?
Huh?
[Electra]
Can you hear me, Jean?
Yes, I can.
I'm so sorry for before.
You are safe
right where you are.
Do not move.
Ms. Electra!
You're going to be fine,
so please don't worry.
Uh... wait!
I'll see you later.
Central block separation
is complete.
Power sources are switched over.
[crew] Combat block is
functioning
independent of main unit.
[Electra] Detonation
is set for 800 meters,
distance to fleet 1,500 meters.
Release the combat block now.
[Electra] Aye.
[beeps]
Uh...
[operator] Nautilus
has separated into two parts
at a depth of 2,400 meters.
We did it.
The water pressure
has torn them asunder!
[Gargoyle] Incorrect.
They've only amputated
the weakest link.
That's... that's impossible.
Tell the Garfish
to retreat immediately
or they will soon regret it.
Understood.
[explosion]
[sonar] Garfish destroyed,
shock wave approaching.
-[explosion]
-[rumbling]
That's always
such a terrible sound.
It could happen to us as well.
Right.
It is worth noting that we have
no power left to surface, sir.
[operator]
The Garfish fleet is destroyed.
I'm terribly sorry,
Lord Gargoyle.
[Gargoyle] Damn them.
How severe is the damage
to the Nautilus?
Sir, that is not
fully known yet.
So resilient.
[all gasps]
-What on earth is that?
-Good question.
It is a deep sea current, sir.
It is flowing southwest
at six knots.
I understand.
Will you see to this?
[Electra] Aye.
[operator] The Nautilus has
reached a depth of 4,000 meters.
I'm sorry,
but it's beyond our range.
[follower 1] It couldn't stand
another assault
even if its hull was made
from a space titanium alloy.
[follower 2]
Their damage is quite extensive.
[follower 3] It would be a short
exercise to finish them off.
[Gargoyle] We cornered
it but couldn't kill it.
Who is responsible for this?
[both gasps]
[follower 1] The fault
is entirely mine, my Lord.
[Gargoyle] Pay no mind.
It's a pity we couldn't witness
the end of the Nautilus.
Report this to the Emperor.
[followers] Understood.
[man] Emperor Neo,
we have a report from Gargoyle.
Put it through, now.
[man] Your will is done.
[Gargoyle] Good
news, Emperor Neo.
The Nautilus lies ruined
at a depth of 4,000 meters
in the Kermodec Trench.
All are believed dead.
Pleasant news.
You have served me very well.
[Gargoyle] Excellency,
may I impose on
Your Highness' goodwill
and request your assistance
in locating Nemo
and Nadia's Blue Water?
It is granted.
[Gargoyle] Excellency,
we are most grateful.
I will present you
with a detailed report
in the fullness of time
upon my return.
I long to see you again.
I shall wait.
Excellency,
I remain your humble servant.
[Neo] Nemo and Nadia
have been killed.
For over 12,000 years,
so much blood
has been sacrificed
all for the Blue Water.
Command crew report
to the subordinate bridge.
-I will instruct you there.
-[Electra] Aye, sir.
[Marie laughing]
[shrieks]
Come with me.
[purrs]
Where are we going, huh?
Nadia?
Tell me, Nadia.
[gasps]
Wow.
[Jean] Is this...
[Nadia]
These are your quarters?
Yes, that's correct.
But I thought that you said
no one else was allowed in here.
This will be jettisoned
from the main block, Jean.
[gasps]
It is best for all of us
if you would leave the ship.
But why?
Without advanced
technological knowledge
you are useless here,
do you understand that?
Captain, I will do anything
to help, anything at all, sir.
Now, Listen, Jean,
please look after Nadia for me.
Uh, I...
Hmm.
Me too, Captain Nemo, me too.
You can hug me if you want to,
Captain Nemo.
Hug me.
Hug me!
-All right.
-Wee!
Aren't you afraid of me,
my dear Marie?
I guess, just a little bit,
but I also love you too, okay?
-[giggles]
-[Nemo chuckling]
Jean, take care of her as well.
Bye.
[giggling]
Captain!
[thuds]
Hmm.
Why are you still here?
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[gunshot]
-[gasps]
-Jean?
Who's firing a pistol?
-[grunts]
-[metal banging]
It won't open. Help me.
I'm trying. Hold on.
-[gasps]
-[Electra] My life ended
13 years ago when I left my
name and my land.
The day you destroyed
my homeland
and my family along with it,
the day of that blinding light
was the beginning of everything
wasn't it, dear Captain?
[gasps]
Hmm.
[dramatic music playing]
[Electra] That light killed
the Queen of Tartessos,
your wife.
We had no idea
what was to follow,
a coup d'etat that began
with assassination
and ended with victory
for the filthy rebels.
But the bloodshed
had only begun.
[gunshot]
[Electra] The leader
of the rebels was the man
who called himself Gargoyle.
He changed the name of
our kingdom from Tartessos
to Neo Atlantis.
All with
the support of Emperor Neo
who wanted to unlock the ancient
secret of the Tower of Babel.
The seals were broken.
The Tower of Babel
regained its natural power.
When Gargoyle attempted
to demonstrate
the tower's destructive power,
our tragedy really began.
[gasps]
Lightning overtook the land.
[glass breaking]
[explosion]
[Electra] Fire and wind raged
throughout the kingdom
for seven days.
It was a sea of fire.
The angry water and earth
swallowed everything,
as if to blot out
this abomination,
as if to cover
the gates of hell.
The city was lost.
Everything was gone.
[dramatic music playing]
[crows cawing]
[Electra crying]
[screams]
My brother was dead.
I slept two nights before I saw
another living soul.
It was you.
[wind howling]
[dramatic music playing]
[birds chirping]
[Electra] I was very grateful
to the man who saved me.
And when I realized it was love,
I was so happy.
I was content.
But then I learned exactly
what I never wanted to know.
[engineer] Are
you really going to raise her?
We live in a hell
that she should have no part of.
She has suffered enough without
the added burden of our mission.
[Nemo] I've been prepared
for this for five years now.
We must fight Gargoyle
to the bloody end.
Helping her would be
a small victory
at the start of a long battle.
[engineer]
You want to raise her to atone
for what
happened five years ago?
You were right
to do what you did.
You were right to destroy
the Tower of Babel
with your own hands.
[man] He's correct.
There was no other way.
You had to pull the Blue Water
out of the control device.
You had to cause the tower
to self-destruct.
[engineer]
You want her as a substitute
for your dead daughter.
[Nemo] Nothing could be further
from the truth.
She has seized her own survival
under the very jaws of Hell.
I only want to help her
grasp the life she desires
anyway that I can.
[engineer]
You allow her to come with us
if that's what she desires?
[Nemo] I will do what I must
to return the balance
that has been so
savagely disturbed.
[engineer] And
you will bring her into a world
where all our lives will be
in constant danger?
[Nemo] There are as many lives
as there are men.
[engineer] Well, man cannot live
on hatred alone.
[Electra] Oh, how I hated you,
how I wanted to kill you.
I understand that you had
to destroy the tower.
If you hadn't, Gargoyle
would've devastated the world
13 years ago.
But my father, mother, brother,
and all of the people
who were killed
must be asking
a very familiar question.
How can a man like you
continue to live?
I believed you intended to
kill Gargoyle and Emperor Neo,
and destroy Neo Atlantis.
I believed that you would expend
as much blood as needed
to accomplish that mission.
That's the reason
I followed you all these years.
I believed you and I adored you.
I didn't care that
I was just a substitute
for the daughter
you loved and lost.
I just wanted
to be by your side.
That is until the day
your real daughter appeared
before you with her Blue Water.
I feared her so much.
I knew beyond doubt
that she would steal your heart
away from me,
but you didn't tell her
that you were her father.
You stoked the vengeance
in your heart
against the Neo Atlanteans.
You remained the man I loved.
So tell me why.
Can you tell me?
Why did you go back
to being an ordinary father?
Why couldn't you remain
the man I fell in love with?
Goodbye, sir.
No, please don't do it!
Don't shoot him!
Let her do it!
I knew all about your hatred.
You may do as you wish.
Sir!
[gunshots]
One shot is enough to kill a man
such as yourself.
It is.
I want you to tell me
why you couldn't kill yourself
to destroy Gargoyle?
I couldn't allow myself
to make the same mistake.
Mistake?
The mistake that caused you
to destroy your homeland
and kill every person
you ever loved?
That's right.
I must atone for what I did.
That's all.
I live only for that purpose.
Then why didn't you destroy
yourself
when you finally had
the chance?
-Answer.
-For 13 years,
you've been by my side.
I think of you as
my own daughter.
I could not do that to you,
my child.
Electra, I did it for you.
You are unfair.
I can't kill you now.
You dare tell me something
like this at this moment
and so I will use
this last bullet on myself.
I'll give you back
the life you gave me.
[gunshot]
[Electra cries]
Don't be so
careless with your life!
Electra, you must live
to do what you must do!
[sobbing]
[engineer]
Man cannot live on hatred alone.
That's true, isn't it, Captain?
[dramatic music playing]
[crying]
Live, Nadia!
Live!
[dramatic music playing]
Nadia?
[King purring]
Huh?
King!
Stop that!
[dramatic music playing]
[Nadia] Father.
[cries]
Nadia.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]